The gunshot was the last of the last.
On the other hand, in Gaucho,
the new general of our operation,
who was more solidified than the US,
was promoted to the rank of India's general,
and was thrown into the hands of the war.
But the chief general, Kachin,
said that he did not perceive the military beauty of Gaucho.
It may seem like an abomination against the US military,
but the fact that the US was able to get the Gaucho's waters
into the waters of the US,
and that some parts of Gaucho were already
part of the US's remaining country,
is what the story tells.
Currently, MacArthur, who ran away from the Philippine
with his life on the line,
is in full control of the US.
In other words, the US has completely
taken over the land, sea, and air forces of Gaucho
through MacArthur.
Gaucho always followed the demands of the British
during the war against the Japanese.
He encouraged the Chinese to join the army as a messenger.
But why did he do that?
Once, when Gaucho was on the run,
the British could not even support him.
So Gaucho left the British
and began to take over the US.
This was the American's plan.
The US instead of the British,
was fighting for the ambition of Gaucho's rule.
However, if Gaucho was still
expecting the US to support him
until he gave up the water rights,
he must have been really desperate.
Because the US's rescue of Gaucho
would be useless.
The US Navy's new Chief of Operation Ching,
General King, said that the US's current
military strategy was impossible.
He also said that the US's reinforcements
to the southwest Pacific
were not easy to send.
There are countless countries
that have been deceived by the US and the UK
for having long been Reign.
speaker of Qu toboggan
The UK government had only recently
read the written comments,
but how about the Reign?
They literally gave up their reign
to gele yummy왔
without any remorse.
Fox News reports that the U.S. is Cultivating a strong competition